[Term Entry] C++ Maps: .emplace() (#6389)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/maps/terms/emplace/emplace.md

---
Title: '.emplace()'

> Description: 'Constructs and inserts an element into a map if the key does not already exist'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Constructs and inserts an element into a map if the key does not already exist.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:

>   - 'Objects'
>   - 'OOP'
>   - 'Classes'
>   - 'Map'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Classes'
  - 'Map'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'OOP'
  - 'Classes'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.emplace()`** method in C++ for `std::map` is used to construct and insert an element directly into the map efficiently. Unlike `.insert()`, `.emplace()` constructs the element in-place, avoiding unnecessary copies or moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.emplace()`** method in C++ for `std::map` efficiently constructs and inserts an element directly into the map. Unlike [`.insert()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp/maps/insert), `.emplace()` constructs the element in-place, avoiding unnecessary copies or moves.
```
